[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today will be
summarizing all 17 of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe films from 2008 up
until now to get you ready for Avengers
infinity or the only summary that I
don't have here is for the Black Panther
as it's currently not out on blu-ray so
I can't use it for summary purposes I am
releasing this video in two different
versions one that's in chronological
order based off of the year that the
film was released and another organized
by the title characters a link for both
as well as for the individual spoilers
will be in the cards above we also doing
giveaways now on Instagram so make sure
to check out at the end of the video to
find more details so let's get started
today we're talking about the 2008
superhero film Ironman
so let's get started the film opens with
genius billionaire and playboy Tony
Stark owner of Stark Industries a
weapons company and his friend
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
demonstrating a new Jericho missile the
demonstration is ambushed and Stark is
wounded and captured by a terrorist
group attend rings another prisoner
insin grabs an electromagnet into Tony's
chest to keep shrapnel shards from
reaching his heart the two prisoners
refused to build the Jericho missile in
exchange for freedom and instead build
an arc reactor power source and a suit
of armor to escape their plans are
discovered an instant sacrifices himself
while the suit is completed start
battles his way out of the cave burns
the terrorists weapons and crashes in
the desert destroying the suit after
being rescued by Rhodes Stark announces
that his company will no longer
manufacture weapons Obadiah Stane his
father's old partner in the company's
manager advises stark against this and
his home workshop Stark builds a sleeker
more powerful version of the armor suit
as well as a more powerful arc reactor
for his chest Stark is then informed
that his company's weapons were
delivered to ten rings and are being
used to attack Ian since home village
Stark also learns Dane is trying to
replace him as head of
company Stark uses his new armor and
saves the villagers while flying home
Stark is shot by fighter jets who
reveals his secret identity to Rhodes to
end the attack meanwhile ten rings
gather the prototype pursuit and meet
with Stane who has the group executed
state has a massive new suit engineered
from the wreckage Stark sends his
assistant Pepper Potts to hack into
stains computer she discovers stains has
been supplying the terrorists and hired
them to kill stark at the beginning of
the film Potts meets with agent Phil
Coulson of shield to inform him of
staines activities stains scientists
cannot duplicate Starks arc reactor so
stain confronts Stark at his home and
takes the one from his chest Stark
replaces it with his original reactor
Potts and shield agents attempt her
arrest stain but he uses the suit and
attacks them Stark fights stain but is
outmatched without his new reactor the
fight carries stark and stained the top
the stark industry building and star
construct spots to overload the large
arc reactor powering the building this
unleashes a massive electrical surge
that causes staining his armor to fall
into the exploding reactor killing him
the next day at a press conference
stark puppy Liam it's to being the
superhero Iron Man in a post-credits
scene shield director Nick Fury visits
stark at his home wanting to discuss the
Avenger in the ship the film opens in
Russia with a man named Ivan Vanko
seeing the revelation of Tony Stark is
Iron Man who begins building his own
miniature arc reactor we then transition
to six months later where we see Tony
Stark is using his Iron Man suit for
peaceful means refusing to sell his
designs the Palladium core of Starks arc
reactor however is slowly poisoning him
which is causing him to begin to fear
that Stark makes Pepper Potts the CEO of
Stark Industries and hires Natalie
rushman as his new personal assistant
while competing in the Monaco historic
Grand Prix Stark is attacked by Vanko
who has electric whips powered by his
own arc reactor stark dons his new mark
5 suit defeats Evancho
but the suit is damaged Vanko states
that he wanted to
that Iron Man is not invincible after
seeing the fight Starks rival Justin
Hammer helps break venko out of prison
to have him build him a line of suits to
beat start while at what he believes to
be his final birthday Tony gets drunk
while wearing the Iron Man suit Tony's
friend Lieutenant James Rhodes played by
a different actor than the first film
puts on a suit and tries to restrain
Tony Rhodes later takes the suit for the
purpose of the air force Nick Fury the
director of shield approaches start
revealing that his assistant is actually
Natasha Romanov aka Black Widow and that
Tony's father Howard Stark was one of
the founders of shield and that fury
knew him personally
fury explains that bank his father
worked with Howard Stark to invent the
arc reactor
but when vanko's father wanted to sell
it for profit Howard Stark had him
deported and was sent to prison
thus vanko's vendetta with Tony fury
gives stark some of his father's old
materials including plans for a new
reactor with the help of his computer
Jarvis Stark is able to make a new
reactor one that replaces the one that
is poison him at a weapons Expo hammer
unveils vanko's drones led by Lieutenant
Rhodes in a heavily weaponized Iron Man
suit stark arrives later in his mark six
armor to warn Rhodes babenco takes
control of both the drones and Rhodes
armor and attacks Iron Man hammer is
arrested and Romanoff and Stark's
bodyguard happy go after Vanko within
hammers factory Benko escapes but Rhodes
regains control of his suit together
Rhodes and Stark defeat Vanko and his
drones Vanko seems to commit suicide by
blowing up his suit after a debriefing
fury informed stark that because of
Starks difficult personality they would
only use Stark as a consultant not as a
member of shield Stark and Rhodes
receive medals for their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports that the discovery
of a large hammer at the bottom of a
crater hinting at the hammer of Thor
[Music]
the film opens with Tony Stark
remembering a New Year's Eve party in
1999 where he met scientists Maya Hansen
the inventor of extremis an experimental
regenerative treatment which would allow
recovery from crippling injuries
disabled scientists aldrich killian
offers them a place in his company
advanced idea mechanics but stark
rejects the offer humiliating Killian
many years later six months after the
events of the first Avengers film stark
is suffering panic attacks based on
alien invasions meanwhile a string of
bombings occurs from the terrorists
known as the Mandarin stark security
chief happy is badly injured in an
attack which causes stark to issue a
threat to the Mandarin who responds by
destroying Starr's home with helicopter
gunships Maya Hansen who came to warn
Stark who survives along with Stark and
his girlfriend and CEO of Stark
Industries Pepper Potts Stark begins to
investigate in order to find the
Mandarin with the help of a young boy
named Harley Stark discovers that the
bombings were actually caused by a jaded
veterans exposed to extremis which
causes some of the subjects to explode
these explosions are being used to cover
up the flaws with extremist aldrich
killian has been manipulating
intelligence agencies to war lieutenant
Rhodes the former war machine now known
as the iron patriot in order to steal
his armor Harley help Stark track down
the Mandarin to Miami and infiltrates
his headquarters Stark realizes however
that the Mandarin is actually an actor
who is hired to play a character and has
no idea that the recordings he's been
making had been used to show him as a
terrorist
Kilian reveals that he is truly the
Mandarin and he has been using extremis
project to cure himself in other
veterans Stark is captured and Killian
injects pepper with the extremists
formula in order to get Stark to fix
extremities flaws and also to save
pepper Hanson has a change of heart and
tries to stop Killian however Killian
ends up killing her Stark escapes and
reunites with Rhodes discovering that
Killian intends to attack the President
on Air Force One
Stark saves some of the passengers and
crew but the president is captured and
Killian plans to kill him live on
television the vice president would
become
the puppet president as Killian says he
will cure the vice president's
daughter's disability Killian is traced
to a damaged oil tanker and Stark goes
to save pepper while road saves the
president Stark summons drone Iron Man
suits to provide air support to roads as
he transports the president Stark
discovers that pepper did survive the
extremis procedure but the oil rig
begins to collapse and she falls to what
seems like her death stark confronts
Killian and traps him in an Iron Man
suit sets to self-destruct
but it fails to kill Killian pepper who
survived the fall due to her extremities
and Ervin's and is able to kill Killian
Stark has Jarvis remotely destroy all of
his Iron Man suits as a sign of devotion
to pepper and the Vice President and the
actor pretending to be the Mandarin are
both arrested Stark is able to stabilize
peppers extremis effects and Stark has
the shrapnel near his heart removed he
throws his now obsolete arc reactor into
the sea saying that he will always be
the Iron Man in a post-credits scene we
see stark waking up dr. Bruce Banner aka
the Hulk
[Music]
today we're talking about the 2008
superhero film The Incredible Hulk an
important thing to note is that there
was a 2003 movie called The Hulk which
was not part of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe which this film actually is
also Edward Norton plays Bruce Banner in
this film however Mark Ruffalo plays
Banner in all the subsequent Marvel
films the film opens at Culver
University where general Thunderbolt
Ross meets with dr. Bruce Banner the
colleague and boyfriend of his daughter
Betty to discuss an experiment that Ross
claims is meant to make humans immune to
gamma radiation the experiment fails and
the gamma radiation causes banner to
turn into the giant green Hulk whenever
he becomes angry enraged or excited the
Hulk destroys the lab injuring and
killing several people inside banner
becomes a fugitive and the US military
and general Ross want to weaponize the
Hulk process five years later Banner
works at a bottling facility in Brazil
while searching for a cure for the Hulk
condition collaborating online with a
man known only as mr. blue banner uses
yoga techniques to try to keep his rage
under control
and hasn't transformed in five months
after cutting his finger on the line and
some blood falling into a bottle an
elderly man gets gamma sickness from
drinking a bottle in Wisconsin
Ross uses that bottle to track down
banner sending in a SWAT team led by
emil blonsky to capture banner banner
becomes the hulk and defeats the team
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum to
banners which gives him enhanced
abilities but deforms his skeleton and
impairs his judgment
banner returns to Culver University and
reunites with Betty who is now dating
psychiatrist Leonard Sam's banners
attack again by blonsky's team after
Sampson gave him up causing him to
become the Hulk a battle takes place
outside the university and Blonsky seems
to be killed by the Hulk who escapes
with Betty after becoming banner Betty
and him go on the run and banner
contacts mr. blue who they meet in New
York City mr. blue is actually cellular
biologist dr. Samuel Sterns who tells
banner that he possibly has an antidote
but it only works after each individual
transformation and it is not permanent
CERN however has synthesized a large
amount of banners blood in hopes of
using it for medical purposes but banner
fears the military will use it and wants
to destroy the blood supply meanwhile
Blonsky is revealed to have survived the
battle and is completely healed they try
for a third time to capture banner and
are successful and take betty to Blonsky
order stern to inject him with banners
blood which stearns warns him will cause
him to become an abomination
but Blonsky insists this causes Blonsky
to become a creature much larger and
stronger than the whole but absolutely
insane Blonsky aka abomination attacks
turns causing him to get some of banners
blood into a cut on his forehead causing
stern to transform as well this is a
reference to the comic book character
the leader abomination rampages through
Harlem and banner is able to convince
Ross to release him as the Hulk is the
only one who can defeat the abomination
after a large battle Blonsky is defeated
after a nice moment with Betty The Hulk
flees New York months later banner is in
British Columbia now able to transform
into the Hulk in a controlled manner in
a local bar we
see Tony Stark approaching Ross telling
him that he is putting a team together
[Music]
say we're talking about the 2011
superhero film Thor so let's get started
the film opens in 1965 ad were Odin the
king of Asgard is waging war against the
frost giants in our leader lafi to
prevent them from conquering the nine
realms Asgardian warriors defeat the
frost giants and seize their source of
power the film transitions to the
present where Odin's son Thor is
preparing to take over the throne of
Asgard but is interrupted when frost
giants attempt to retrieve their power
source against Odin's order Thor travels
to confront lafi accompanied by his
brother Loki childhood front set and a
boarders three Odin must intervene and
the fragile truce between the races is
destroyed Odin strips Thor of his powers
and exile him to earth as a mortal
accompanied by his hammer Mjolnir
now protected by an enchantment that
allows only the worthy to lift it
Thor lands in New Mexico where dr. Jane
Foster
Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him
SHIELD agent Phil Coulson commandeer as
the hammer Thor attempts to her
treatment but he finds himself unable to
lift it he accepts his exile on earth
and develops a romance from the Jane
meanwhile locally he discovers that he's
lafi son adopted by Odin after the war
ended
Loki seizes the throne while Odin is in
a deep sleep and offers lafi the chance
to kill Odin SIF and the warriors three
attempt to return Thor from exile
Loki sends a massive warrior called the
destroyer to pursue them the destroyer
attacks and defeats the Warriors
prompting Thor to offer himself instead
Thor sacrifice proves him worthy to
wield Mjolnir the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to
return he and his fellow Asgardian
sleeve to confront Loki Loki betrays and
kills lafi
revealing his true plan was destroyed
the frost giants world to prove himself
worthy to Odin Thor arrives to stop
Loki's plan and ends up stranding
himself at Asgard Odin awakens and
refuses to give Loki approval prompting
him to fall into an abyss on earth Jane
and her team search for a way to open a
portal to Asgard
in a post-credits scene Nick Fury asks
Elving to study a mysterious cube shaped
object hello and welcome to another
episode
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 superhero film Thor the
dark world so let's get started in the
past for father of Odin clashes with the
Dark Elf monkey who seeks to unleash a
weapon known as the aether on the nine
realms
after conquering his forces Bors
safeguards the aether within a stone
column unknown to war mal Keith and a
handful of Dark Elves escaped into
suspended animation and present-day
Asgard Loki is imprisoned for his war
crimes on earth they as Guardians
learned the convergence a rare alignment
of the nine realms is imminent at
portals linking the worlds appear at
random in London dr. Jane Foster and
Darcy Lewis travelled to him bandid
factory where such portals have appeared
Jane is teleported into another world
where she is infected by the aether Thor
brings her to Asgard were ordered warned
that the aether heralds of catastrophe
c.l Keith awakened by the Aether's
release attacks
scarred Thora's mother-fricker is killed
protecting Jane and the Dark Elves flee
Thor enlist the help of Loki to use a
portal to confront Melky as Mel Keith
draws a throw to Jane Thor attempts to
destroy it
buffets while Keith merges with aether
and leaves Loki is fatally wounded
Thorin Jane discovered portal in a
nearby cave and reunite in London with
Darcy and dr. Erik Selvig they learned
that Mel Keith's plan is to restore the
Dark Elves Thor battles Malky through
various portals and across multiple
worlds until one portal separates them
leaving milky fun imposed on earth Thor
returns in time to help transport mal
Keith away from earth where he is
crushed by his own damaged ship Thor
returns to Asgard where he de clients
Odin's offered to take the throne and
tells Odin of Loki's sacrifice as he
leaves
Odin his form transforms into Loki who
is alive and impersonating Odin an amid
credit scene we see the collector
collecting Infinity stones it is
revealed that the aether is an infinity
stone and Asgard has an infinity stone
named attesa rack in a post-credits
scene Jane and Thor reunite on earth
while Frost master continues to run amok
two years after the Battle of sokovia
Thor has been unsuccessfully searching
for the Infinity stones and is now
imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
search her reveals that Thor's father
Odin is no longer in Asgard and that it
will soon be destroyed in the
prophesized Ragnarok once Surtur unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's vol Thor defeat search
her and claims his crown believing that
he has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns
to Asgard to find his brother Loki
posing as Odin Thor forces Loki to help
him find their father and with the
directions of dr. Steven strange on
earth they locate Odin and Norway Odin
explains that he is dying and his
passing will allow his firstborn child
hella to escape from the prison that she
was sealed in long ago hella had been
the leader of Asgard's army and
conquered the nine realms with Odin but
Odin imprisoned her fearing that she had
become too powerful
Odin dies and hella is released she
destroys Thor's hammer and when Loki and
Thor attempt to flee through the Bifrost
bridge she pursues them and forces them
out in the
face hello arise in Asgard destroying
its army and killing its warrior three
she resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand as bird's
empire but Heimdall steals the sword
that controls the bridge and hides it
away with the rest of the citizens Thor
crash-lands on Sekar a garbage planet
surrounded by wormholes a slave-trader
scrapper 142 subdues him and sells him
as a gladiator scars ruler the grand
master with whom Loki has already come
to know Thor recognizes one for two is
one of the Valkyrie are a legendary
force of female warriors who were killed
defending Asgard from hella a long time
ago Thor is forced to compete in the
grandmasters contest of Champions facing
an enraged Hulk Thor gets the upper hand
on Hulk but the Grandmaster sabotages
the fight to ensure Hulk's victory still
enslaved Thor tries to convince Hulk in
1:42 to help him save Asgard but neither
are willing he manages to escape and
finds the jet that brought the Hulk to
Sekar
Hulk follows Thor to the jet where a
recording of natasha romanoff makes him
transform into Bruce Banner for the
first time since sokovia the Grandmaster
orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and
Hulk but Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the
hands of Helena deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive unwilling to be
left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then also liberate the other
gladiators who start a revolution
Loki attempts to betray his brother
again but Thor anticipates it and leaves
him behind
Thor banner and 142 escape through the
wormhole to Asgard where hellas forces
are attacking the citizens for the sword
that controls the Bifrost banner becomes
the Hulk again fighting Fenris while
Thor and 142 battle scourge and the
resurrected warriors Loki and the
Saqqara gladiators arrived to help and
the Guardians citizens board their ship
feeling regretful scourge sacrifices
himself to allow their escape
Thor facing hella losses his right eye
and then has a vision of
helps him realize that only ragnerok can
stop her while hella is distracted loki
locates satyrs crown and places it into
the eternal flame Searchers were born
and destroys Asgard
seemingly killing hella as the foam
concludes Thor the crown King decides to
take the rusty Asgardian citizens to
Earth in a mid-credits scene we see that
they are intercepted by a large
spacecraft presumably owned by Thanos in
a post-credits scene the Grandmaster
encounters a group of former subjects
who are still rebelling the film begins
in 1942 with Nazi officer Johann Schmidt
and his men entering into a German
occupied Norwegian town looking for a
mysterious relic known as the tesseract
which is said to have untold powers at
the same time Steve Rogers endless in
the US military
despite his various health and physical
problems with the help of his friend
Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine Rogers is
put into an experimental super soldier
program and it is revealed that the Nazi
officer Schmidt underwent an earlier
version of this procedure having some
serious side effects
Rogers undergoes the procedure becoming
significantly more muscular and strong
back in Europe
Schmidt and dr. Zola begin to use the
power of the tesseract in order to try
to take over the world
Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine location
and has amis asen aided right after he
completed Rogers procedure
Roger captures the assassin but the
assassin commits suicide in order to
avoid interrogation with Erskine dead
the super-soldier formula is lost with
his new powers Rogers is sent to tour
the nation in a colourful costume given
the title Captain America and is told to
promote war bonds while visiting Italy
Rogers finds out that his friend Bucky's
unit went missing in a battle against
Schmidt's forces Rogers teams up with a
British agent Peggy
and the engineer Howard Stark who
sidenote is Tony Stark's aka Iron Man's
father
Rogers infiltrates the fortress of
Schmitz Hydra organization and frees
Bucky and the other prisoners Rogers
battles against Schmidt who has a red
skull like face underneath his mask
giving him the title the red skull
Schmidt is able to escape and Rogers
returns the soldiers Rogers and the
soldiers attack several known Hydra
bases using advanced equipment supplied
by Howard Stark including a circular
shield made of vibranium a nearly
indestructible metal Rogers is able to
capture dr. Zola but during the capture
Bucky falls from the Train and appears
to be dead from dr. Zola's information
Rogers locates the final Hydra base and
Rogers stop Schmidt aboard a plane from
using the tesseract to cause massive
casualties all over the world the
container for the tesseract is damaged
and Schmidt physically touches the
tesseract causing him to dissolve into
bright light the tesseract falls and
burns through the floor of the plane
into the ocean Rodgers crashes the plane
into the Arctic in order to prevent the
on board payload from possibly hurting
anyone else
stark recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor and the wreckage and Rogers
are unable to be located so Rogers is
presumed dead
Rogers awakens in a 1940s style hospital
room but soon realizes that something is
wrong and rushes out of the hospital
right into present-day Times Square the
shield director Nick Fury then informs
Rogers that he has been asleep for
nearly 70 years
in a post-credits scene we see fury and
Rogers discussing possible future
missions that will affect the entire
world the film takes place two years
after the events of the first Avengers
film which if you haven't seen check out
my summary Steve Rogers aka Captain
America is working for the government
agency shield under director Nick Fury
Rogers and agent Natasha Romanov aka
Black Widow are sent to save hostages
aboard a shield boat that has been taken
over by mercenaries Rogers discovers
that Romanoff has another job however
to extract data from the ship's computer
for fury Rogers confronts fury later
about this where fury reveals a plan to
build three massive helicarrier's
equipped with advanced weaponry and spy
devices to try to preemptively destroy
any threat through a project known as
project insight fury however is unable
to decrypt the recovered data and become
suspicious of project insight fury is
later ambushed by a group led by a
mysterious assassin known as the Winter
Soldier Fury escapes and finds Rogers
telling him that Shield has been
compromised
after giving Rodgers a flash drive
containing some data from the ship fury
is gunned down by the Winter Soldier
Fury later dies in surgery and Rogers is
called into the shield headquarters the
next day to try to find out what
information he was given when Rogers
refuses to give up the information
however he is hunted down by a group
known as strike Rogers meets up with
Romanoff and using the flash drive they
discover a secret shield bunker which
has a supercomputer containing the
preserved consciousness of dr. Zola one
of hydras leaders from the first film
dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been
slowly infiltrating shield and
convincing the world to give up their
freedoms for a sense of security
allowing Hydra to become more and more
powerful a missile is fired at the
bunker which Rogers and Romanoff
narrowly escaped and the two realized
that Alexander Pierce shield senior
official is also hydras leader Rogers in
Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson
aka Falcon the three find out that dr.
Zola developed an algorithm to identify
who might become a future threat to
Hydra and we use the insight
helicarriers and their massive weapon
arsenal to eliminate these threats the
group is ambushed by the Winter Soldier
who Rodgers realizes is actually Bucky
Barnes his friend from the first film
Barnes was captured and experimented on
after World War two and became the
Winter Soldier the three are brought to
a safe house where Nick Fury is having
faked his death for a plan to sabotage
the helicarrier's by replacing their
computer chips during an important
meeting
Rogers broadcast hydras secret plans to
everyone at the shield headquarters
Romanoff is able to disarm peers and
fury forces peers to unlock the database
so they can expose Hydra to the public
eventually Fury kills Pierce Rogers and
Wilson storm to helicarriers and replace
their control chips but the Winter
Soldier destroys Wilson's flight suit
and fights with Rogers aboard the third
carrier Rogers is able to put the new
controller into the final ship and
shield uses this to have the carrier's
destroy each other
Rogers refuses to fight the Winter
Soldier in order to reach out to his
longtime friend the ship they are aboard
crashes into the shield headquarters in
Rogers is thrown into a river
unconscious
the Winter Soldier rescues Rogers and
disappears into the woods showing
Rodgers did reach out to his old friend
Bucky Rogers and Wilson decide to pursue
the Winter Soldier as the film ends
while fury goes to find the remaining
Hydra cells in Eastern Europe there are
two additional scenes during the credits
the first shows Hydra leader Baron
Strucker finding an energy filled
scepter the one that we see Loki use
during the Avengers film as well as two
prisoners one with SuperSpeed and one
with telekinetic powers these two are
siblings that we see in the Avengers
second film known as Quicksilver and the
Scarlet Witch who are also Magneto's
children the second scene shows the
Winter Soldier at a memorial for Bucky
Barnes who the Winter Soldier actually
is at the Smithsonian Institute the film
opens in 1991 with brainwashed soldier
Bucky Barnes aka the Winter Soldier
being dispatched by Hydra in a base in
Siberia to intercept a car carrying a
case of Super Soldier Serum and also
killing the vehicles occupants the film
transitions to present-day approximately
one year after defeating Ultron in
sokovia the Avengers are chasing after
Brock rumlow who stole a biological
weapon from a lab in Lagos after some
chasing rumlow blows himself up with a
suicide vest and Wanda tries to displace
the blast and ends up destroying a
nearby building killing several wakandan
humanitarians the Secretary of State
informs the Avengers that the
preparing to pass the sokovia accords
which ideally will make the avengers
overseen by a UN panel The Avengers are
divided on the issue Tony Stark feels
that they do need some oversight
especially after he was approached by a
mother of a boy who was killed an attack
that the Avengers were involved in
Captain America however feels that they
will become puppets of the government
and the Avengers should be acting under
their own supervision some Avengers
attend the signing of the accords in
Vienna which are bombed and many are
killed including the king of Wakanda
security footage reveals the bomber to
be Bucky Barnes and the wakandan Prince
T'Challa
vows to kill Bucky Captain America
discovers Bucky's location and tries to
bring him in as they are childhood
friends T'Challa
also known as the Black Panther also
tracks down Bucky and a massive fight
breaks out in Bucharest and eventually
Captain America Bucky and the Black
Panther are all arrested a man who is
later revealed to be Helmut Zemo finds
Bucky's old Hydra handler and steals the
phrase book that is used to activate
Bucky's brainwashing Zemo is able to get
into the facilities where Barnes is held
and recites the words to activate Bucky
he then questions Bucky to find the
location of the other brainwashed super
soldiers he sends Bucky on a rampage to
try to cover his tracks a fight breaks
out and eventually Bucky regains his
senses
Bucky explains that Zemo was the real
bomber in Vienna and has disguised
himself as Bucky
however the Avengers don't get the
approval to track down Zemo so Falcon
Bucky and Captain America decide to
pursue him along with the help of Wanda
Hawkeye and ant-man
Stark puts his own team together to
recapture Bucky and the rogue Avengers
with Starks team consisting of Black
Widow Black Panther war machine vision
and spider-man a big fight breaks out at
an airport and eventually Bucky and
Captain America are able to escape the
others are captured and sent to jail
except Black Widow and war machine is
paralyzed Stark finds evidence however
that Zemo was behind the bombings and
travels to where Bucky and Captain
America are heading they all three
arrived where the super soldiers have
been in stasis and discovers that Zemo
has shot and killed them all it is
revealed that zimos
entire family was killed in sokovia
during the events of the second Avengers
movie and he has been plotting to pit
all the Avengers against one another so
they would destroy each other
this is when Zemo reveals that back in
1991 when Bucky killed the two people to
get the super-soldier formula that the
two people he killed were Starks parents
the enraged stark attacks both Bucky and
Captain America and a big fight breaks
out Bucky loses his arm and Starks armor
is disabled Captain America having
defeated star leaves with the injured
Bucky leaving his shield behind Zemo
satisfied that he broke the Avengers
apart attempt suicide but is stopped by
black panther as the film begins to wrap
up stark has shown helping war machine
with an exoskeletal leg brace that
allows him to walk again
Captain America breaks the captive
Avengers out of jail during a mid credit
scene we see Black Panther has forgiven
Bucky and gives him asylum and puts him
into cryostasis until they can reverse
his brainwashing in a post-credits scene
we see spider-man testing out a new
gadget from start with the phrase
spider-man will return on screen
[Music]
Peter Jason quill aka star-lord shortly
after his mother's death in 1988 he is
kidnapped and raised by a group of space
pirates known as the Ravagers the film
opens on Peter stealing an orb which
takes place 26 years after his abduction
Peter is a goofy and charismatic
smuggler who is a bit of a jerk at times
and doesn't have any trouble with the
ladies remind you of anyone
yondu yondu is the leader of the
Ravagers a group of ruthless space
thieves and smugglers yondu raised peter
after abducting him bringing him into
the life of space crime yondu carries of
special arrow on his hip that he can
control by simply whistling working as a
very effective and deadly weapon after
hearing that Peter stole the orb in the
opening of the movie
yondu places a bounty on Peters head in
order to steal the orb for himself Nova
prime irani Ray Allen Nova prime is the
leader of the Nova corpse the central
good guy government seen in the film the
Nova corpse home planet is Xander which
is also the same planet where Peter
intends to sell the orb that he stole
the Nova corpse is at war with the cream
which is led by the fanatic Ronan the
accuser Ronan is the main antagonist of
the film and as a member of the Kree
race Ronan is a fanatic who defied the
treaty between the Kree and the Nova
Empire and is hell-bent on destroying
the planets and our Ronan wants the orb
so he can trade it to Thanos in order to
receive Thanos aid in the destruction of
Xander
Ronan's primary weapon is a large hammer
and also has his own ship known as the
dark aster and a sizeable fleet
nebula nebula is the adopted daughter of
Thanos and the adoptive sister of Gamora
she is a cyborg and capable of repairing
herself and is loyal to Ronan Gamora
Gamora is the adopted daughter of Thanos
and the adoptive sister of nebula at the
beginning of the film she is sent by
Thanos to aid Ronan and is tasked with
stealing viewer Gamora decides to betray
both her father and Ronan and plans on
stealing the orb for herself to sell to
a buyer for an obscene amount of money
Gamora is a skilled and deadly warrior
though Peter does try frequently to
flirt with her Rocket Raccoon and Groot
rocket racoon is the result of illegal
genetic experimentation resulting in
rocket being a very intelligent and
skilled fighter and is also capable of
designing complex weapons and technology
it is a tree-like creature who is only
capable of saying
together rocket and Groot work as bounty
hunters and try to catch Peter for the
reward that yondu put on his head Drax
the destroyer Drax is an incredibly
powerful and strong fighter but he is
completely literal it has no
understanding of euphemisms social cues
or satire Drax's entire family was
killed by Ronan and vows to get revenge
and now on to the story after stealing
the orb Peter lands on the planet Xander
in order to sell the orb to his black
market dealer shortly after arriving
Peter is intercepted by Gamora who wants
to steal the orb for herself Peter and
Gamora break into a fight when Groot and
Rocket identified Peter and noticed that
he has a bounty on his head
Groot and Rocket jump into the fight in
order to capture Peter themselves after
causing a considerable amount of damage
all four of them are arrested and sent
to the Clin a high-security outerspace
prison when they arrived at the Clin
Gamora explains the group that she was
going to sell the orb for a massive
amount of money after a bit of arguing
Peter convinces the team to work
together to break out of the prison and
split the earnings from selling your
while in prison they meet Drax whose
entire family was killed by Ronan and
wants revenge
Drax teams up with the main group in
hopes that he will have the opportunity
to kill Ronan the team devises an
elaborate plan involving disabling the
gravity of the prison and successfully
escapes afterwards they travel to meet
gamora's buyer on a massive floating
head known as nowhere nowhere is a CD
mining community with virtually no laws
Peter and Gamora meet up with the
collector there who reveals to them the
true purpose of the orb
my new friends before creation itself
there was 16 years then the universe
exploded into existence and the remnants
of the system were forged into
concentrated ingots the Infinity stone
contains a massive amount of energy and
can only be wielded by beings of
superior power however one of the slaves
tries to take the stone in defiance of
him and explodes on contact after
realizing the stones importance Gamora
and Peter decide to take the stone to
the Nova Corps so could be kept out of
the hands of dangerous individuals such
as Ronan but while Peter and gomorrah
were dealing with the stone in the
collector Drax made contact with Ronan
in a foolish attempt to kill him Ronan
arrives on nowhere with his entire fleet
at the same time
yondu is track down Peters location and
a huge fight breaks out between all
three sides after a lot of shooting
flying and chasing eventually the team
is defeated and they lose the stone to
Ronan Gamora and Peter are left stranded
floating in outer space with only
seconds to live in a moment of
desperation peter reaches out to yondu
who ends up saving them from the cold
and oxygen l'espace aboard the dark
aster Ronan who has now realized what
the aura actually contained decides to
take the Infinity stone for himself and
places it into his hammer fanless is
furious at Ronan's betrayal but Ronan
vows that he will destroy the planet
Xander and afterwards he will go kill
thanos we now go back to yondu ship were
shortly after recovering from the oxygen
l'espace Peter and Gamora are
interrogated by yondu after some
threatening and fighting peter convinces
yondu and the Ravagers to team up with
the guardians in order to get the stone
back from Ronan the deal is yondu and
his men will help the guardians so long
as yondu gets the Infinity stone when
the battle is over
Peter contacts the Nova Corps on Xandar
to alert them of Ronan's attack and also
to let them know that the Rav endures
will be helping protect the planet
Ronan ship arrives at the planet Xander
along with a massive fleet of Kree
fighter ships while the Rav endures and
the Nova Corps fight the fleet from the
outside
Peter Drax Groot and Gamora punch a hole
in the dark aster and enter and on foot
rocket on the other hand remains on the
outside of the dark aster in order to
help fight from his ship the guardians
fight their way through the inside
defeating nebula and Ronan soldiers
eventually the Guardians reach Ronan
Aronian coupled with the power of the
Infinity stone clearly has the upper
hand it seems as though all hope is lost
for the Guardians
however while monologuing about his
superior power
rocket crashes his ship through a window
hitting Ronan and causing the dark aster
to fall out of the sky as the dark aster
is plummeting to earth Groot creates a
protective wood ball around the group
which will kill him but protect the
others after the ship crashes a huge
wave of destruction occurs crushing
buildings and a good portion of the city
the group has survived except for Groot
but unfortunately so did Ronan once
again Ronan being the high end mighty
fanatic starts monologuing about how you
will destroy Xandar Peter sees this as a
great opportunity to create a
distraction
listen to these words Oh child things
are gonna get easier
ooh child things will get brighter bring
it down hard are you doing
dance-off bro me and you
come on
so take it back what are you doing I'm
distracting you you big turd blossom
[Music]
Peter grabs the stone and the Guardians
all work together to utilize the power
of the Infinity stone and finally defeat
Ronan
[Music]
after Ronan is destroyed the Guardians
trapped the stone at a container only to
be immediately surrounded by yondu in
the Ravagers yondu takes the container
and leaves the Guardians as yonder is
leaving he mentions to one of his crew
how the Ravagers were originally hired
to pick up Peter and bring Peter to his
dad this possibly could be a plot point
for the next movie
Peter reveals however that he switched
the container onion to giving onto a
troll doll while giving the real
infinity stone to the Nova Corps to be
locked away and protected as a reward
for their service the Nova Corps
expunges all the guardians criminal
records
aboard the ship we see that a small twig
from Groot that rocket had saved
actually turned out to still be alive
indicating that we will most likely see
Groot again the Guardians fly off to
start on some other new adventure after
the credits on know where we see the
collector still damaged and heard from
earlier being taunted by Howard the Duck
[Music]
the film opens with Aisha the leader of
the sovereign race having the guardians
of the galaxy protecting her valuable
batteries from a massive monster in
exchange for Gamora sister nebula who
was caught trying to steal the same
batteries however rocket steals some of
the batteries for himself and the
sovereign attacks the guardianship with
a fleet of drones the drones are
destroyed by a mysterious ship however
and they crashed on a nearby planet a
man from the mysterious ship reveals
himself to be Peter Quill's father named
ego and invites quill Gomorrah and Drax
to his home planet while rocket and
Groot repair their ship and guard nebula
yondu and his crew are hired by the
sovereign to recapture the Guardians
yondu and his crew have been kicked out
of the Ravinder community for child
trafficking primarily referring to how
he trafficked Peter as a child they
capture rocket but yondu hesitates to
turn over quill and then yondu's
lieutenant taser face leads a mutiny
with the help of nebula after succeeding
taser face takes over and nebula leaves
to find and kill her sister Gamora
rocketing yondu bond and with the help
of Groot and crackling a yondu loyalist
they are freed and destroy the ship but
taser face is able to warn the sovereign
we transition to find that ego is a
god-like being known as a celestial who
manipulated matter around his
consciousness to create a home planet he
also created a humanoid form where he
can project his consciousness in order
to travel the universe and while doing
so he fell in love with quills mother
meredith eventually leading to her
pregnancy
upon her death eagle hired yondu to
collect quill to bring him to the planet
but quill was never delivered nebula
arrives at egos planet to try to kill
Gamora but they come to an uneasy
alliance once they discover a cave
filled with skeletons ego then reveals
to quill that he actually planted
seedlings across the world which he can
terraform into new extensions of himself
but can only be activated by two
Celestials he impregnated thousands of
women and had yondu collect all of their
offspring in hopes that they would
fulfill the role of the second celestial
when they failed ego killed them
explaining the cave filled with
skeletons under egos influence quill is
forced to help him activate the
seedlings which begin to consume every
world but quill fights back when ego
reveals that he actually killed quills
mother due to the distraction that she
posed mantis egos empathic servant grows
close to Drax and warns him of egos
plans Gamora and nebula lured of the
plan as well just as rocket yondu Groot
and crag land arrive the sovereign
drones also pursue them as the Guardians
tried to destroy egos brain house in the
planets core rocket makes a bomb using
the stolen sovereign batteries and group
plants the bomb on the brain quill uses
his newfound celestial power against ego
distract him long enough for the other
Guardians and mantis to escape the bomb
explodes killing ego and disintegrating
the planet yondu sacrifices himself in
order to save quill quill realizes that
yondu kept him hidden for so many years
to protect him from being killed by ego
and quill accepts Yonder was his true
father figure
nebula chooses to leave and to try to
kill her father Thanos by herself the
guardians and several Ravinder groups
have
funeral for yondu acknowledging his
sacrifice and accepting him as a ravager
again in both the mid and end scene
credits we see several things including
cracklin trying to use yondu's
telekinetic arrow
Ravinder leaders to karo board reuniting
with his ex teammates roots starting to
grow back to his normal size acting like
a stereotypical teenager aisha creating
a new artificial being to destroy the
Guardians named Adam and lastly Stanley
talking to a group of Watchers about his
experiences on earth oh and welcome to
another episode of muy spoiler alerts
today we are talking about the 2015
superhero film ant-man so let's get
started in 1989 scientist Hank Pym
resigns from shield after discovering
their attempt to replicate his ant-man
shrinking technology believing the
technology is dangerous Pym vows to hide
it as long as he lives in the
present-day PIMs daughter hope van Dijk
and former Protege Darren cross have
forced him out of his company Pym
technologies cross is close to
perfecting a shrinking suit of his own
diello jacket which horrifies Pym upon
his release from prison Scott Lang moves
in with his old cellmate Lois Lane
visits his daughter and his chastised by
his former wife and her police officer
fiance Paxson for not providing child
support unable to hold a job laying
agrees to join Louis's crew Blaine
breaks into a house and cracks it safe
but only finds what he believes to be an
old motorcycle suit after trying the
suit on playing shrinks himself to the
size of an insect terrified by the
experience he returns the suit to the
house but as arrested on the way out Pym
the homeowner visits Lang in jail and
smuggles the suit into a cell to help
him break out Pym manipulated Lane
through an unknowing Lewis and de
stealing the suit as a test and wants
Ling to become the new ant-man to steal
the yellowjacket hope and pen train leg
to fight and control ants him
horns Lang that he could disappear into
a subatomic quantum realm like his wife
the wasps did if he overrides his suits
regulator they'd send him to steal a
device from the avengers headquarters
where he briefly fights Sam Wilson cross
perfects the Yellow Jacket and host an
unveiling ceremony at Pym technologies
laying along with the crew and a swarm
of flying ants and filtrate the building
during the event sabotage the company's
servers and plant explosives when he
attempts to steal the yellowjacket
they're all captured by cross who
intends to sell both the yellowjacket
and ant-man suits the Hydra Lang and
hope break free to take out most of the
Hydra agents although one flees with a
vial of crosses particles and Pym is
shot Lang pursues cross while the
explosives detonate imploding the
building as Pym and hope escape cross
wearing the Yellow Jacket attacks Lang
before Lang is arrested by packs cross
takes Lang's daughter Haas at chiller
him into another fight Lang overrides
the regulator and shrinks to some atomic
size the penetrate crosses suit and
sabotage it to strength uncontrollably
killing cross Lang disappears into the
quantum realm but manages to reverse the
effects out of gratitude packs and
covers four legs to keep him out of
prison
seeing that laying survived the quantum
realm Tim wonders if his wife is alive
as well later Lang meets up with Lois
who tells him that Wilson is looking for
him and a mid-credits scene Pym shows
hope a new wasp prototype suit and
offers it to her
in a post-credits scene Wilson and Steve
Rogers have Bucky Barnes in custody
unable to contact Tony Stark because of
the Accords Wilson mentions that he
knows someone who can help
film opens in Nepal where we see the
sorcerer chaos and his elet's entering
into the secret compound Kamara Taj and
they behead its librarian they steal a
few pages from an ancient text belonging
to the ancient one a long live sorcerer
who taught every student at Kumar Taj
including Callias in the mystic arts the
ancient one pursues the traders but they
escape in New York and acclaimed
neurosurgeon Stephen strange is badly
injured in a car accident and is now
unable to operate fellow surgeons and
his former lover Christine Palmer try to
convince him to move on but strange
pursue his experimental surgeries to
heal his hands strange learns of a
paraplegic man who mysteriously now has
full use of his legs strange is directed
to Kamara Taj where he has taken in by
Mordo a sorcerer under the ancient one
the ancient one demonstrates her powers
too strange revealing that there are a
variety of dimensions such as the mirror
dimension she agrees to train strange
though his arrogance reminds her of
Callias strange excels very quickly
regaining use in his hands studying
under the ancient one in Mordo and
reading ancient books from the library
guarded by master Wang strange learns
that earth is protected from other
dimensions by three buildings called
sanctum with her locations being in New
York London and Hong Kong all of which
are accessible through Kumar Taj it is
the job of the sorcerer is to protect
the sanctums
strange reads from the same book that
kailia stole from learning to bend time
using the eye of agamotto morto and wang
warn strange against breaking the laws
of nature
comparing attak aliases desire for
eternal life
Kaylee's uses the stolen pages to
contact a powerful being Dormammu of the
dark dimension where time is
non-existent kailia sand his forces
destroy the London sanctum in order to
weaken Earth's protection they then
attacked the New York sanctum killing
off its guardian but strange is able to
hold them off using the cloak of
levitation until Mordo and the ancient
one arrive Mordo and strange you become
disillusioned however by the ancient one
as they discover that
she has been using forbidden magic from
the Dark Dimension to give her eternal
life kailia s-- is able to mortally
wound the ancient one and escapes to
Hong Kong the ancient one then tells
strange that he too will have to bend
the laws of nature in order to feed
chaos strange in Mordo arrived in Hong
Kong to find master Wong dead and the
sanctum destroyed with a Dark Dimension
taking over earth strange uses the eye
of agamotto to reverse time and is able
to save Wong then strange enters into
the Dark Dimension to face Dormammu he
creates an infinite time loop with
Dormammu with Dormammu being unable to
escape after killing strange several
times and still unable to break the time
loop Dormammu agrees to leave earth and
take Helius and his followers with him
in order to break the time loop Mordo is
disgusted with strange for breaking the
laws of nature and leaves
strange returns the eye of agamotto to
kumar taj and moves to the new york
sanctum to continue his studies in a
mid-credits scene we see strange helping
Thor who brought his brother Loki to
earth in order to search for their
father and load in the scene is actually
directly from the new Thor Ragnarok fill
in the post-credits scene we see moral
confronting the former paralyzed man
stating that earth has too many
Sorcerer's hinting that Mordo might
become the next villain following the
events of the first Avengers film Adrian
Toomes in his salvage company acquired
alien technology which they decide to
make into illegal weapons we transition
to eight years later where we find Peter
Parker already having worked with the
Avengers now going to school and
frustrated that he is not a full-time
Avenger
Peter quits his school to academic
decathlon team to focus on
crime-fighting as spider-man one night
however Peters best friend Ned learns of
Peters secret identity Peter also
encounters tombs associate Jackson Bryce
aka the Shocker and Hermann Schulz who
are selling weapons to a local criminal
named Aaron Davis Peter saves Davis when
a fight breaks out but Peter is attacked
by tooms who is in a large a vulture
like flight suit which is the classic
spider-man villain the vulture Peter is
rescued by Tony Stark who is monitoring
the spider-man suit which Stark built
and warns against Peter getting involved
with these criminals anymore
later tooms
Gill's Bryce and Schultz becomes the new
shocker Peter and Ned's study the weapon
left behind by Toombs crew and remove
its Power Core
Peter is able to track the criminals to
Maryland so he hitches a ride with his
Decathlon team which are travelling to
Washington DC for their tournament Peter
and Ned are able to disable the Spider
Man suits tracker and enable the suits
more advanced features
Peter tries to stop Toombs from stealing
from a weapons convoy but is trapped
inside one of the trucks and is locked
in a secure facility for the night
which causes him to miss the decathlon
tournament Peter discovers that the
Power Core the net is still carrying has
become unstable
and leads to the whole decathlon being
trapped in an elevator when the core
explodes
Peter rushes in and saves his classmate
including his crush Liz back in New York
City Peter meets with a criminal Davis
that was seen earlier to find out Toombs
location he arrives in the Staten Island
Ferry and Peter attempts to stop Toombs
but the ferry is cut in half when a
weapon malfunctions and Toombs escapes
stark arrives to save the passenger and
then berate speeder for his actions and
takes his suit Peter returns to school
and asked Liz to come with him to the
homecoming dance on the night of the
dance he learns that Liz's dad as Toombs
Toombs figures out that Peter is really
spider-man and threatens Peter if he
tries to intervene with his plans Peter
realizes that Toombs plans to attack the
plane transporting weapons from the
Avengers Tower
Peter Don's his homemade spider-man suit
and intercepts the plane while fighting
Toombs and it crashes on a beach they
continue fighting
Peter saves Toombs his life from a
deadly explosion and then ties up tombs
for the police to find him after her
father's arrest Liv's moves away and
Peter declines an invitation to become a
full-time Avenger in favour of being a
student and a neighborhood superhero we
also find out that one of his classmates
who's been teasing him throughout the
film actually goes by the nickname MJ
hinting at a possible girlfriend and
love interest stark also gives Peter
back his suit which Ambe walks in just
as he's putting on discovering Peters
superhero identity in a mid-credits
scene we see Toombs in prison being
questioned about spider-man's real
identity but Toombs denies knowing
anything about his secret
[Music]
get started let's do a quick rundown of
the Avengers team Tony Stark aka Iron
Man he's a billionaire genius that has
no actual powers but an incredibly
advanced technology that helps him fight
bad guys
Thor aka pretty boy from Asgard the god
of thunder who carries a hammer that
cannot be moved Bruce Banner aka the
Hulk
a scientist that when he gets angry
becomes a massive green creature that is
nearly invincible Steve Rogers aka
Captain America a genetically enhanced
man from the 1940s that was frozen for
70 years and is sometimes a bit of out
of touch with modern times Clint Barton
aka Hawkeye a new character to the
modern Marvel movie universe who does
not have his own individual movie and
frankly no one really cares about him
Hawkeye's weapon of choice is a bow and
arrow but does not have any real
specific superpowers Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow
honestly safer maybe pretty boy Thor
she's the best looking member of the
Avengers she also does not have her own
movie but I'd definitely watch it if she
did she's a highly trained former Soviet
spy who is a master assassin and
seductress Nick Fury while not an actual
Avenger he's the director of shield an
organization that is sort of like a
souped-up CIA that sometimes uses
superheroes the avengers work as a part
of shield now that we've explained who
is part of the team let's get to the
story the movie begins with Thor's
not-so-nice brother Loki Loki meets a
character called the other who is the
leader of an alien race known as the
Chitauri if Loki gets an object called
the tesseract from shield and gives it
to the other the other will give Loki an
army capable of taking over earth
the tesseract has been seen in quite a
few other Marvel movies especially in
the first Captain America movie
I will be doing a summary of those
movies explaining the history a bit more
so make sure to check them out the
tesseract is an infinity stone for more
in-depth explanation of what Infinity
stones are check out my guardians of the
galaxy movie summary the main thing to
know about the tesseract is it's a cube
of great power and the other wants it so
he can give it to his master
Thanos nearly all of the recent Marvel
movies at least on some level have been
influenced by Thanos but we only have
seen glimpses of him Thanos is gonna be
playing a big role in the future and his
desire to get his hands on the Infinity
stones is very important loki breaks
into the shield headquarters and ends up
capturing the tesseract as well as mind
controlling a good amount of shield
scientists including dr. Erik Selvig the
professor from the Thor movies as well
as Hawkeye Nick Fury escapes this attack
and works to get the Avengers together
which does take a bit of convincing the
mind controlled Hawkeye ends up stealing
iridium that is needed to stabilize the
tesseract while at the same time Loki
makes a very loud and obvious
distraction Loki is captured by the
Avengers and taken to shield ship known
as the Helicarrier
however the tesseract is still hidden
away from the Avengers after some
investigating the Avengers learned that
shield wants the tesseract cube so they
can weaponize it which starts a big
argument between the agents of shield
and the members of the Avengers while
arguing the mind controlled Hawkeye and
several others of Loki's crew attacked
the Helicarrier
a big fight breaks out Loki escapes and
Hawkeye is knocked unconscious which
breaks him from his mind control the
Avengers attempt to recover while Loki
puts the final parts of his plan into
action
the still mind controlled dr. Selvig has
set up the tesseract on the roof of a
building in New York City which he uses
to open a massive wormhole from the
wormhole a giant army of Chitauri pours
in the same army that the other promised
to Loki for capturing the tesseract
a huge fight breaks out between Loki's
army and the Avengers the US government
attempts to use a nuclear missile to
destroy the whole city of New York in
order to prevent the attack from
spreading but iron man takes the missile
through the wormhole causing it to
detonate on the other side in a galaxy
far away the explosion causes the
wormhole to close and Iron Man falls
back to earth Loki is defeated in a
rather brutal way by the Hulk and then
Thor takes both Loki and the tesseract
back to Asgard film opens with the
Avengers raiding a Hydra facility in
segovia commanded by Baron Wolfgang von
Strucker who has been experimenting on
humans using the scepter previously
wielded by Loki they encounter test
subjects Pierre Joe and Wanda Maximoff
who are Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as
well as apprehending Strucker and Loki's
scepter as a quick side note these are
actually the kids of magneto from the
x-men universe but due to licensing
issues they cannot refer to this stark
and banner The Hulk discovered
artificial intelligence within the
scepters gem and secretly use it to
complete Starks Ultron global defense
program it creates a sentient being who
believes he must eradicate humanity to
save earth it destroys Starks AI Jarvis
and attacks the Avengers at their
headquarters
Ultron escapes with the sceptre and uses
the resources at the Hydra base to
upgrade his body and build an army of
robot drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maximum of siblings and
sets off to a pain run conda vibranium
the Avengers arrive and attack Ultron
but the Scarlet Witch subdues them with
haunting visions the team goes into
hiding in a safe house reeling from the
visions Thor departs to consult dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination Nick
Fury arrives and encourages the rest of
the team not to break part and to form a
plan to stop Ultron meanwhile Ultron
forces the teens friend dr. Helen Cho to
use her synthetic tissue technology
together with the vibranium and the
scepters gem to perfect a new body for
him as Ultron uploads himself into the
body
The Scarlet Witch reads his mind
discovering his plan
for human extinction the Maximoff
siblings turn against Ultron some of the
team fine Ultron and retrieve the
synthetic body the Ultron captures Black
Widow the team fight amongst themselves
while Stark secretly uploads Jarvis who
hid from Ultron inside the internet into
the synthetic body Thor returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow is one of the six
Infinity stones and was part of his
vision this vision and the Maximoff
siblings accompany the Avengers return
to sokovia where Ultron has used the
remaining vibranium to build a machine
to lift the large part of the capital
skyward intending to crash it into the
ground to cause global extinction banner
rescues Black Widow why the Avengers
fight Ultron's army fury and others
evacuate civilians Quicksilver dies when
he shields Hawkeye from gunfire an
eventual Scarlet Witch abandons her post
to destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets but stark and
Thor overload the machine and shattered
the landmass and the aftermath the Hulk
departs while the vision confronts
Ultron's last remaining body later the
avengers establish new base Thor returns
to Asgard stark leaves Hawkeye retires
and Captain America with Black Widow
prepared to train new Avengers an amid
credit scene we see Thea knows vowed to
retrieve the Infinity stones for himself
hinting at the next Avengers film so
that was the spoilers for all the Marvel
films up to infinity war if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and check
out our Avengers giveaway on Instagram
thanks for watching